c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\AXClient.exe.config
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\AXClient.exe
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\AXClient.pdb
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\MyLibrary.dll
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\MyLibrary.pdb
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\MyLibrary.xml
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\Interop.AGENTAPPLib.dll
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\bin\Debug\AxInterop.AGENTAPPLib.dll
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\AXClient.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\Interop.AGENTAPPLib.dll
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\AxInterop.AGENTAPPLib.dll
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\AXClient.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\AXClient.Form1.resources
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\AXClient.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\AXClient.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\AXClient.exe
c:\users\ya.krishtal\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\AXClient.pdb
C:\Users\ya.krishtal\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\AXClient\AXClient\obj\Debug\AXClient.LoginForm.resources
